This repository holds the files associated with Jackson MacTaggart's DATASCI 507 final project for the spring 2025 semester at the University of Michigan. Of note are the .py and .ipynb files that can be used to recreate the results presented in the final report .pdf.
The data that goes with the .ipynb/.py file is located in the zipped folder titled "Data" and should be unzipped before running the code. Please make sure the files are in the same directory or modify the code accordingly to account for whatever path you are using for them.
Something to note about the code: several non-standard packages were used in this code (at least, packages not already installed on Google CoLab, where this code was created). You likely already have torch installed, so this was ignored. However, for the other packages, the respective !pip install commands are included inline.
Some of the code can take a long time to run, strictly because it is computationally complex. An example of this is the neural network code, which can take upwards of 15 minutes to run, strictly because neural networks can take a long time to compile.

***VERY IMPORTANT***: The "pygam" package was used in this code. Pygam currently only works with specific versions of scipy and numpy, or at least on CoLab, so the particular versions required are listed to be installed in the program. Because of this, the pygam code is included at the very end of the code. It should not mess with anything else in the code, but if you want to rerun the program or run other programs, you may need to reupdate your packages accordingly.

Final note: This code ran completely without any errors when it was uploaded to this repository on the evening of 04/22/2025. If you run the code and errors pop up, please contact Jackson MacTaggart at jrmact@umich.edu. Proof that the unmodified code can run without error can be provided. Python packages, especially the non-standard ones used here, can be weird and interact in strange ways, so this was an important statement to include.
